The Great Black Ops
The Great Black Ops is about to begin.
What is it? What is it?
What is it?
The morning breeze blows
Tonight, drink it and sing
The neon sign cabaret
The sound of the horn and what is that?
The sound of the cake and champagne
Happy New Year Champagne Party
Let's drink without losing
Please give me a lot of money
I can't pay you
I don't give you a lot of money
Happy New Year Champagne Party
I want to eat tempura and tonkatsu
I'm a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater
a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater, a cat-eater
I want to be loved and be admired
Once upon a time, when the darkness was approaching
I took the hand of that boy for the first time
Suddenly, he bit my forehead
I was holding him tightly in my arms